Clarify default Stream-K settings (#1107)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipblaslt/docs/how-to/how-to-use-streamk.rst

The ``TENSILE_SOLUTION_SELECTION_METHOD`` environment variable controls the hipBLASLt kernel selection strategy for GEMM operations.
Set this variable to ``2`` to enable the Stream-K library or leave it set to ``0`` to continue to use the default settings.

.. note::

>    The AMD Instinct™ MI350 and Instinct MI355 have a default ``TENSILE_SOLUTION_SELECTION_METHOD`` setting of ``2`` (Stream-K enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The AMD Instinct™ MI350 series have a default ``TENSILE_SOLUTION_SELECTION_METHOD`` setting of ``2`` (Stream-K enabled).
```

>    To disable Stream-K, set ``TENSILE_SOLUTION_SELECTION_METHOD`` to ``0``.

Reviewer 2: On MI350 the env variable has no effect. The default library uses stream-k and there isn't an alternate library.
